The main actor.
It's been more than half an hour.
The female lead was late.
We'll wait here.
No one's come here to explain.
I've never attended such an outrageous press conference.
Who says it's not?
If you don't want to open
Why a press conference?
That's right, don't you think this is a waste of everyone's time?
Let's go.
Go away.
Refer a friend.
Please wait a moment.
The rest of our creative team will be coming soon.
It's coming soon.
General Director Chen, your lying mouth is really harmful in itself.
Go to that restaurant for lunch.
People who serve also know how to urge, urge.
Okay, look at Director Chen's face.
I'll give you three more minutes.
If after 3 minutes, Qin Xiao and Su Van Cam still haven't arrived.
Then I'll automatically consider them small plans.
Then they'll be blocked by the entire industry.
The film could not come out at that time.
Don't blame us.
That's right, that's right.
Today, we all listen to Wang Shao.
If they haven't come by then, don't blame us for being careless.
What's going on?
Where are you?
That's not me.
I told you, this Qin Xiao is not reliable.
You must persist in using it.
You see now crashed the building like that.
This is not the time to complain.
Go find someone.
Director Chen, these three minutes are coming, I'll see.
Qin Xiao must not be able to come here, so we will do business right?
Business, people.
Who says we can't come?